LITERATURE REVIEW
Keywords: Django Security, Ember.js Security, postgreSQL security, tech lending library, Web App Security, docker security
Researching for information about the technology lending library, we found that Iowa State University has a Laptop and Equipment checkout which we could use for some ideas. When we looked into it we found a lot of it had to do with checkout times and when the items needed to be returned. Although according to our requirements we do not need to worry about lending dates as in-depth, we also were able to keep ideas in mind moving forward. Otherwise, a lot of the items we found involved security surrounding Django, Ember.js, postgreSQL, and docker security including patches, application security features, and how to secure web applications from attacks like SQL injection, Cross Site Scripting, and other common web application attacks.

TECHNICAL PLAN
Our plan is to develop a system with a PostgreSQL and Django back end and an Ember.js front end, built in a Docker container. PostgreSQL will be used to keep track of the inventory and it's state as well as users including their roles: Borrower, Lender, and Administrator. Django will be used to develop all server-side logic. Our front end will be in Ember.js, there will be a JSON API which will allow the Django back end to communicate with the Ember.js front end. The interfaces presented will be based on the roles assigned to the user.  A borrower will be presented with an interface that allows them to request items.  A lender will be presented with an interface that will allow them to fulfill requests from borrowers and also to add new items to the inventory.  An administrator will be able to add new borrower and lender users as well as manage inventory. A user may have multiple roles, a lender could also be an administrator. We will leverage Django’s built-in security features to create an application that is secure. We will test our design and the security of the system on an ongoing basis as the system is developed.

Our focus for the second milestone, ensuring that the back end is functional as well as implementing several features such as creating an activity log and which use performed them and an initial rough front end. Our focus for the third milestone will be completing any unfinished tasks from the second milestone, creating a polished front end, and if time permits working on our stretch goals of developing an interface that will allow new users to apply for a borrower account and the ability for items to be grouped into modules.
